475 Christian

every sense of the word, Again we quote from his
brother Albert's recollections:-- 'The four older
children of my parents were boys. The oldest was
Christian (or Chris or C, I.) then Andrew, Joseph
and myself, In the early days, in Mayfield espec-
ially, we often roamed the foothills and fields
together. Chris generally took the responsibility
of my supervision on such occasions. In later
years we four were passed off as 'oldest' and

"youngest' and 'middle two', I generally looked to
Chris as my 'big brother' and a real big brother
he was. . , I remember well when I was struggling

to get an education. Very frequently there was a
shortage of spending money. At one of these
critical times my oldest brother (Chris) came to
my aid, and that without asking, . . While I was
attending Law School at Ann Arbor, Michigan, my
finances were again very limited. I sold some of
the things Thad at Gunnison, including my rubber-
tired buggy and some other articles of which I now
have little memory. Inthe autumn of 1898, when
Iwas about at the point of seeking some help to
tide me over my last year, I received a letter
from my oldest brother, Chris, or C. I. Christen-
sen, as he then signed his name. This letter has
always seemed to me to be somewhat of a miracle,
It read, in substance:-- 'Dear Albert, I have just
sold a herd of sheep and I am wondering if you
won't need some help to see you through school.

If you will let me know about how much you will
need a month I will be glad to send it to you.'

"No one will ever know how grateful I felt
for this message. As a child Chris had always
been my ideal and almost my guardian. Now he
was turning out to be my savior, materially, as
well, Needless to say, I accepted his offer with
heartfelt thanks. Thereafter, the needed checks Â©
came regularly, Just before graduation he sent a .
larger check to take care of my graduation and my
trip home. . . Upon returning home I figured I
owed the Manti City Savings Bank a total of $700
and interest, My brother Chris had told me while
Iwas at school that he would look after the interest
on my note, but I wanted to make such further
arrangements as might be necessary. I went to
the bank and requested the cashier to look up the
