Kobbe rod 134

erected around 1100 A.D., as a part of a big
Augustine monastery. North of the church is
Linden Kirstin's grave. According to legend,
Prince Buris (Henrikssd√©n) and Linden Kirstin,
the half sister of King Valdemar I, were buried
here after a tragic end to their love affair.

Yes indeed, Thy was a region where the
past was speaking and Christen Christensen of .
Flarup believed his progenitors had been there
when the ancient history of the area was made,
Surely they must have gathered on the bays of the
Limfjord and struck out to sea in long-ships with
the early Vikings. Most likely they fought under
King Harold Bluetooth or Sweyn Forkbeard, Per-
haps some watched on the blood-drenched battle -
field of Lyndanisse, 20 June 1219, when the Danes'
first flag 'Dannebrog'" supposedly floated down
from heaven, blood red with cross of white, Cer-
tainly some of his forefathers had been involved
when, in 1340, the peasants of North Jutland
rebelled, and the powerful baldheaded Count Gert
marched up from Holstein with an army of 11, 000
to quell them but was slain by a Jutlandic squire,
thus saving the Danes from the German rule they
so much dreaded, And when the North Jutland
peasants rebelled again in 1535, at the crowning
of King Christen III, some of his great-great-
grandfathers must have joined them and stood up
bravely to fight for what they believed to be right,
and must have suffered also when the new King's
army slaughtered most of the citizens in Aalborg,
as well as over 2, 000 Jutland peasants who had
rallied to make a last stand there, Jutland peasants
clung and died together, for there had always been
great fellowship among them through the ages,
There was little doubt in his mind either but that
various of his ancestors, over a period of almost
a thousand years, had fought nobly time and time
again, when calls came, in war after war to save
Jutland's neck, Slesvig, from the covetous Ger-
mans. (Christen's own son, young Christen, had
gone to battle in the recent war for this selfsame
reason -- 'twas a pity the Danes lost that one!)
Comparatively few in numbers, and never rich,
the Danish have waged, with desperate bravery,
wars far beyond their strength. Though they have
