Westward 194

Among the waiting Saints were a number from
Jutland, Denmark, including Christen Christensen
and his family and some. others to whom he had
given financial assistance; Elder Lars Myrup
(Maren's husband); Sister Anne Jensen, who had
helped with the Christensen children since their
mother's illness and death on the ocean; Christian
Peter Lund, his wife and young family from
Sonderhaa; a few returning Elders to whom brother
Christensen had loaned funds, and Elder Morten.
Lund, former president of the Vendsyssel Con-
ference who was returning to his home in Fountain
Green, Sanpete Co,, Utah,

Christen Christensen and his party, having
lost their large trunks of clothing enroute, were
obliged to purchase more of the necessities at
Wyoming. Here, among other things, Christen
bought three cooking-stoves, one for himself and
one each for his two married children, Little by
little his reserve was being exhausted and it must
have now been necessary for him to fall back on
the gold pieces in the lining of his vest, He had
come to depend on the spinster Anne Jensen toa
great extent by now, in the absence of his dear
wife Karen, until she had grown to seem like a
regular member of his family. Anne herself had
become very fond of Christen and the little girls
and they of her, All, however, were very weary
and anxious to be on their way. It was just short
of four months since the Christensens had left
their home in Thy.

The Norwegian ship ''Cavour'!, for whose com-
pany they were waiting there had been long delayed
on account of headwinds, calm and fog, notwith-
standing the vessel had taken the shorter route by
way of the English Channel, It was July 31st before
the ship arrived at New York, The ''Cavour'' emi-
grants were at once conveyed over the same route
as the one previously taken by the 'Kenilworth"
company, The dreaded disease cholera, having
already broken out on shipboard in brother L.
Larsen's family (most of whom died later on the
trip), raged fiercely among the group as they
traveled by railroad towards the west, claiming
its victims one by one, The rough treatment these
