Louis 626

and family, for flowers and animals. She was kind
and sweet to everyone. She spent two months with
us before her death and never did she complain
about the crippling, painful arthritis she had and
the discomfort of the edema which was to take her
life. Instead of taking the pain pill the doctor had
given her, each night she would ask me to lift the
venetian blind on the door so she could see the
flowers outside. They were so beautiful to her
that they made her forget her pain. She especially
enjoyed the moonlit nights. She was one of those
'green thumbers!' who could grow anything, and her
own yard had always been a showplace for the town,
Her mother had died when she was not much more
than twelve and her life had been a hard one, but
she was never bitter. Her faith and love helped us
all. She was always a real friend to me and we
enjoyed so many hours together as long as she
lived,"

(8) ARTHUR MARINUS CHRISTENSEN

Arthur (twin) ninth child but eighth producing
branch of the Laurs M, C, and Else K. Christensen
family, was born about four o'clock a.m, 19 July
1882 in Gunnison, Sanpete, Utah. He was named
and blessed that same day by his paternal grand-

father, Christen Christensen, His twin sister born
_ shortly after him that same morning was blessed
and named Martina Lauriette right away but died

about noon the day of her birth.

It is doubtful that the new rock house on the
Christensen lot in northwest Gunnison had been
‘completed by the time of the twins!’ birth so the
must have been born in the old two-roomed adobe
house that stood well back on that lot at 180 West
lst North, which dwelling has long since been
demolished. However, the Christensen family,
then numbering ten, must have moved into their
new rock house built west and south and near the
old one, while Arthur was very young, at least to
live in the winter months. This ''new rock house",
though now very old, is still standing and owned
and occupied at present (1969) by Ella Knighton Hansen,
