323 A Clear:Cal?

anti-Mormon groups but by Federal officers and
courts in Utah and.Idaho as well. Arrests and
imprisonments in the hundreds each year had con-
tinued unabated. The fines collected w√©re enor-
mous. The Utah Penitentiary had been constantly
filled with the brethren who were found guilty of
infractions of the anti-polygamy laws. Under pro-
visions of the Edmund-Tucker act, the government
had taken possession of the Church offices and a
wholesale confiscation of Church property threa-
tened. In fact, the question of whether or not the
Church could be robbed of its property by the
government had even been laid before the supreme.
tribunal of the country; and also the question of
whether its individual members could be robbed

of their civil and political rights because of their
religious beliefs.

The close of the year 1889 and beginning of
1890, political developments in Salt Lake City
became highly demonstrative. The Liberal Party,
representing the anti- Mormon population, began
carrying on a most vigorous and at times vicious
campaign against the Church in general, but more.
particularly the incumbent Peoples Party, which
was supported by the Saints. Truly the political
pot was boiling in Utah the beginning of the year
1890. The election was held of 10 February 1890.
and we turn to historian Andrew: Jenson's Church.
Chronology to find out how at least the Saints felt ,
about it:-- 'The municipal election in Salt Lake
City, for which:so much planning had been done,
resulted in victory to the Liberals who, through
the grossest frauds, managed to obtain possession
of the City government. , , Sat. 15 Feb. -. Ex:
Judge Orlando W. Powers was banquetted by the
Liberals in Salt Lake City and presented with
$10,000 as a reward for manipulating the Liberal
municipal campaign. , , Wed. Feb. 19 - There
was a grand Liberal jollification with parade and
fireworks held in Salt Lake City.'' Thus the civil
control of Salt Lake City, as was also true of
Ogden and a few other. Utah communities, passed
from the hands of the Pe ples Party to those of
the Liberal Party, or anti- Mormon element; and
even before the tumult and shouting died, nearly
all the civil rights left to the Saints were
