ZS United Order

As far as we can determine this all-purpose rock
building was one block west and one north from the
Christensen home in South Mayfield. This settle-
ment had a school board of its own by then, which
hired and paid the teachers. The first teachers
were paid so much per pupil, often in produce or
Script, since cash was scarce. Later on, three
One-room rock schools were maintained in May-
field with pupils of many ages and grades meeting
together under a single teacher. One of these was
in North Mayfield and two were on the south, where
the younger grades were separated from the older
Ones, Long after the Christensens had left that
Settlement, the last of the nineteenth century, a
consolidation of schools took place and a new
Public school building was planned to house Child-
ren from the beginners to the eighth grade. The
Spot selected for the resulting two-story brick
school house was the historic site of Chief Ara-
peen's summer home and a favorite camping
ground for his ancestors in days of long ago.

It must have taken months before word came
to Else of her father's death. Anders Christian
Christensen died in Norhaa 10 May 1878 and was
buried in the Parish churchyard there beside his
wife Mette, 15 May 1878. Else's sister Karen
Skaarup later wrote her about it. As Else knew,
her people believed with other Lutherans that if
One died in full belief of the Trinity and had not
denied the faith they would be saved. To her the
8aining of a glorious salvation was not nearly so
easy. She herself had given so much and suffered
SO much for the gospel's sake to this point, and
yet she must have felt much more would yet be
required before she could hope for the best
reward in Heaven. The status of her deceased
Parents in the next world must have troubled her,
but the thought of her father's passing must have
brought heartache and memories flooding back to
her - memories of her childhood.

Laurs and Else and their children must have
visited back and forth with relatives in Gunnison -
Christen and Anne, Lars Myrup and Maren,
Pauline and Andrew Andersen, and Petrine and

ena. Petrine was now a beautiful girl nearing
