Byron Charles 758

12:35 p.m. The group of outgoing missionaries
stopped over at Chicago and visited points of
interest and also stopped to see Niagara Falls
enroute. Arriving in New York City they spent a
day seeing the sights and sailed next day on the
"American Farmer' ship for England, docking nine
days later, 3 Apr. 1930 at Plymouth, where they
were welcomed by President Lund. They spent six
days viewing the sights of London and surrounding
areas, Then those going to South Africa left
Southampton, England on board the German ship.
"Adolph Werman'! 9 Apr. They arrived in Cape-
town, South Africa 1 May 1930. ;

Byron spent sixteen months laboring in the
Capetown area. On 21 July 1930 in the nearby
town of Woodstock he met an investigator, Johanna
Gregg Fourie, and her husband and children who
were then members of the Dutch Reformed Church,
Several years later Mrs, Fourie and most of her
children joined the LDS church and she credits
.Elder Byron Peterson as having had a great deal
to do with their conversions, The youngest Fourie
child, a daughter Felicia, who was five years old
when Byron met the family, later came to Utah and
married his cousin's son, the oldest child of
Virginia C. and Daniel M. Keeler. Mr. Fourie Â»
joined the church many years after his wife and
came with her to Utah in 1952 to see Felicia and
her family. Here they were permitted to go to the
Salt Lake Temple for their endowments and sealing,
having Felicia sealed to them also. They visited
Byron and his family in Gunnison and Mrs. Fourie
spoke in their Ward and told Byron's part in con-
verting her family. He was the third LDS Elder
she ever met. (Mrs. Fourie, now eighty, has been
head of the Primary in South Africa since the day
after her baptism, some more than thirty-four
years ago, She was recently honored with a
write-up-and picture in the Church Section of the
Deseret News. )

"Following his time spent in Capetown, By-
ron served another year in East London, South
Africa, his missionary service being twenty-eight
months in all, not counting traveling time. He left
Capetown 9 Sep. 1932; arrived in Southampton,
