293 Brown Kit

and took care of the mothers and babies she
brought, until the mothers were up and around
again. Of course she had the help of her family,
as well as a hired girl in the home much of the
time, but nevertheless she was simply marvelous
during those crowded years of her medical service.
Her brown kit was always ready, standing by the
side of her bedroom door, and there were many
sick that she attended, aside from her duties as
midwife, for folks came to her from all.over the
valley and she answered their calls willingly and
promptly. It will always be a mystery how Else

K. continued her work of love and mercy for others
without neglecting her own family, but the health
and education of her children was one of her chief
concerns and was always taken care of in the best
possible manner. She was also concerned with the
health of her husband and tried to keep him in top
physical condition. We have been told that one of
the methods she used on Laurs for this purpose
was to thin his blood every spring with her blood-
letting knife. As a spring tonic for her children,
however, she used the less severe treatment of
sulphur and molasses or a big dose of epsom salts,

she ste she she ste
1 BA oK 3K 1K

When Maren Myrup's seventh child was born,
10 May 1881, Else was at the delivery bed of her
beloved sister-in-law. Little Sarahann Myrup,
however, only lived about sixteen months and then
passed away (Sept. 1882), It was about this time
that an incident happened involving Maren and her
second son Niels, and told as follows by Lois M,
Anderson:-- 'My father told me one. story that I
shall always remember, When he was about ten
years old he was sent to help his grandfather, Â©
Christen Christensen, doing odd jobs around the
yard, One morning when he arrived his grandpa:
accused him of taking some of his tools. Father.
denied this but his grandpa apparently didn't believe
him and gave him a good 'cuffing' to force him to
tell the truth. When young Niels got away he ran
home and told his mother, the lovely, ladylike
little Maren, who promptly ordered the boys to...
hitch up the buggy and taking her son Niels along-
side on the seat, and with the buggy whip in her.
