165 Kobberod

She herself had chosen the harder-right over the
easier-wrong and time would bring the reward.
"Come sea, come prairies, come Indians'', she
wrote; 'the Lord will surely protect us!" It was
most difficult writing to her parents, for her tears
kept blotting out the letters and she had to start
over again and again with - 'Dear Far and Mor" -
and then she poured her heart out to them in words
of deepest affection and appreciation, She begged
their forgiveness for any disappointment or unhappi-
ness she had caused them; hoping that sometime
they would understand, She asked the Lord's
choicest blessings upon their heads and promised
to pray for them, in their declining years. Then
she bid them a fond goodby, as her tears streamed
down unwiped, ''Someday', she wrote in closing,
"we shall all meet together again in a brighter
land, where love and trust prevail - were it not
so, and did I not fervently believe it, my heart
would break!'' And then, as she sealed the letter
to them, it suddenly came to her in a flood of
yearning that no matter how long or far away she
should roam, her childhood home would always
call and reach out to her in voices unstilled by
time and space,

5, AALBORG.. . April - May 1866

Bright and early the morning of Wednesday
April 18th 1866, a farm wagon, driven by a good
natured old farmer, drew up at the Christensen
place where Christen's two-seated carriage stood
ready and waiting. The big trunks and large
baggage were soon hoisted into the wagon and
then Maren, Else and Laurs took their places |
there, sitting on various rolls of bedding, They
would pick up Lars Myrup on the way. Karen,
Christen and the three young girls occupied the
carriage, together with lunch sacks, boxes, pack-
ages and bags, Christen, driving his sleek black
team of mares, led out into the country road and
the wagon followed. Of course they were headed
for Aalborg, the point of rendezvous for all Mor-
mon Saints leaving on the next church-sponsored
voyage to America's Zion, which was between 80
