31 Way of War

fields, and decide for themselves how hard they
toiled, If they continued to work for the nobles,
from necessity or choice, their hours of labor
were limited by law to give each peasant some
time for his own fields or affairs, This was a
great reform, and in gratitude for it a monument,
"Liberty Obelisk'"', was erected to the "liberation
of the peasants'' and stands today in the center of
Copenhagen, It wasn't long until the old communal
villages were abolished and the more progressive
peasant-Danes moved onto their own farms or into
neighboring small towns.

. Since the middle of the 18th century the most
common flag seen on the Seven Seas, after the
British, was that of the Dano-Norwegian merchant
navy. The latter part of that century England had
lost the American Revolution and was now involved
with the French, She began casting her eyes on
Denmark and Norway (after generations of ignor-
ing them) in hopes of embroiling them in this fight
as allies, But the twin countries managed to keep
themselves free of entanglements for a time and
enjoyed a period of tremendous prospe rity in ;
shipping and trade, England demanded that their.

ships cease calling at French ports, and in order
to enforce this, started seizing Dano-Norwegian
merchant vessels, The Scandinavians joined with
Russia in an armed neutrality pact, their motto.
was, ''Free ships, free cargo!' The situation
became critical, Early in 1801 England sent a
fleet into Danish waters under Admirals Parker >
and Nelson, It was a most strategic time since
Denmark's allies' ships (Russia's) were ice-bound
and her own fleet was in winter quarters, dismantled
and crews demobilized, After bombing Elsinore Â°
the English sailed straight for Copenhagen with:35
ships, 1,192 guns, 14 cannons and 8, 885 experienced
men against a hurriedly gathered Danish force of:
630 guns and 5,234 men, mostly volunteers. After
five hours of violent lopsided fighting (though the
Danes fought bravely) the Danish forces were
defeated, over half being wounded and hundreds -.
killed. But the Danes spirits were not defeated--.
their spunk was up, and they continued their trade
and tried to steer clear of the flames of war, The
French Revolution ended. with the founding of
