Christian 476

condition of my account and told him that I would
like to get an extension. He left and in a minute
he came back and said, 'You have no loan here; it
was paid in full by Chris about a year ago.'. .,
When I went back to Gunnison a few days later, I
called in to thank my brother for what he had done
for me and to give him my note. He told me to
forget it. When I told him I couldn't do that, he
finally insisted that he would accept nothing more
than the principal. â€˜You can take what time you
want to pay that', he added. I shall be in Chris'
debt forever."

That's the kind of fellow Christian ''I'' Chris-
tensen was, and others of his brothers and sisters
could have told similar stories about his kindness
and helpfulness to them. While a number of these
were struggling to get their college educations at
B. Y. U. inthe early nineties, Chris came to their
aid time and time again. His daughter Pearl says:
"Christian saved enough money to help his three
brothers and one sister through school at Provo.
Ihave been told that at one time he had saved two
hundred twenty-dollar gold pieces and he used what
was needed of it to help with their educations and
also buy new graduation outfits and pay for having
their pictures taken.'' More has been given about
this in an earlier chapter but too much cannot be
said about the generosity and charity of this wonder-
ful brother.

We continue from Pearl's history:-- ''Christian,

a strong Republican leader in Gunnison, was active

in politics there. He was City Recorder at one

time and City Treasurer, and was on the Gunnison
School Board of Education for a period of eight

years, from 1900 to 1908. He always used to see
that everyone had a chance to vote at elections,

and helped by picking up in his buggy those who

might not otherwise have ways to get to the polls,
especially the widows.

"The 4th and 24th of July were great days for
celebration in Gunnison, Christian liked to see
that all the children rode in the parade on a big
flat-topped wagon; he called them 'Utah's Best
Crop'. He loved to see everybody having a good
time. His little girls were dressed in white silk
