Gunnison Valley 246

coming year, with the addition of peas, potatoes,
corn, etc., all of which appear to be doing well,
A new rock schoolhouse 24 x 24 feet wiil soon be
finished, With the good road now made up Twelve
Mile Canyon we expect a good supply of lumber,
The people seem to be well generally, the weather
is fine and as soon as the grasshoppers get wings
they take their fight to other parts,"

Time and events must have passed swiftly
for the Christensens and Myrups in Gunnison the
next few years, for when people are well and
working busily towards desired goals and succeed-
ing to some extent it is hard to keep track of the
minutes as they fly. Additions to the three families
seemed to have come along as fast as anything. On
1 Mar. 1870 Maren gave birth to her first son, He
was a tiny little fellow and they named him Lars
Christian Myrup after his father. (Later they
changed his name to Louis), A little more than a
year later, 7 Mar. 1871, Else presented Laurs
with his third son and they named him for the
Prophet Joseph, His hair was curly like his
father's and grandfather's and also like his brother
Christian's, though he was lighter complexioned
than Christian. Mar. 29, 1872 Maren had another
son whom they named Niels Christian Myrup, also
for his father whose full name was Lars Christian
Nielsen Myrup. Not to be outdone, Anne presented
Christen with another sonon 26 Apr, 1872. They
gave him the name of John Taylor Christensen in
honor of the Apostle.

In the late autumn of 1871, Laurs and Else
made their first trip back to Salt Lake City. It
must have taken at least a week each way, for
although Gunnison was only 149$ miles from Sait
Lake at the time, travel, with roads like they
were, was pretty slow even with a good team of
horses, Too, they had to stop along the way to
camp at nights, as well as other times to rest,
water and feed their animals, carrying that feed
along with them, and to prepare their own victuals
or ''grub!'', the makings of which they also took
along stowed away in grub boxes likely under the
seat of the wagon. Did they take along their sons
Christian, just turned four, Andrew two years and
