119 Bested

seated herself by the fire then and her father
insisted on pulling off her boots and shoes and
chaffing her feet, as he used to when she was a
little girl -- but there was still no sign of Mor.
Karen poured a cup of coffee and brought it
steaming to her where she sat, and just then
Mads stomped in from outside, clearing his boots
and shaking his great coat and, in his surprise,
would have taken her in a bear-hug,, coffee and all,
had she not saved herself, Christen was the only
one absent now, they said. Else was glad for that,
but kept worrying about her mother, for it was so
unlike Mette to stay out of things. She wanted to
ask about her but something held her tongue; per-
haps she feared to shatter the sweet contentment
of those moments.

Then they put her to the table with Danish
soup and dumplings, ladled out piping hot from the
kettle; the rest had eaten, they said. Else thought
she would founder -- no one could make soup and
dumplings like her mother! Having thought of her
again she needs must ask then, 'tIs Mor ill?''
Karen leaned to her quickly and whispered, --
"She has been so distraught about you since she
heard, but she will see now that it isn't true and
feel well again. '' So, thought Else, her premonl-
tions were not unfounded, Then her father cleared
his throat and added quietly, ''There have been
some rather ugly rumors-here about you daughter,
and Mor has taken them rather badly. She is a
proud woman, as you are aware, and has had many
high hopes for you. Go in to your mother dear and
tell her all is right with you. " But of what am I
accused then?" Else asked, sparring for time and
words in which to tel] them the worst, though she
had rehearsed this moment and the words a hundred
times over in her mind, She longed to be spared
the ordeal till morning at least, for she was So
weary. But Mads said, looking straight at her,
"Christen says you meet and pray with Mormons,
for he has seen you at it! I fear he has said the
same all over Norhaa and elsewhere, by now."â€™
Then Rudolph knew also, she thought quickly; but
yet she hesitated. Still, what had she hoped to
face here afterall but this? At last she said,
rising, ''I will go in and speak to Mor." But of a
