9 This Land & Its People

and streams, Undoubtedly life and death to those
primitive peoples depended upon the success of
their hunting and fishing--and the caprice of the
elements. As the land was broken apart and grew
smaller and much of the forest was washed into the
sea, animals became scarcer and the age of the
early hunter was over. The inhabitants, forced

to seek their food mainly in the sea, lived on
oysters, fish and seal meat, etc. Filtering down
through the dimness of the past comes evidence
that there were such fishermen living on Denmark's
ragged shores a few thousand years before Christ.
Remains of hundreds of the settlements of these
early oyster-eating inhabitants have been found
along her coasts. The timing may be wrong but
the existence of such people is a certainty.
Whether they were descendants of earlier hunters
or whether they were newcomers is not known.

As waves of the sea had swept in over this
land called Denmark, altering its contour bit by
bit and age by age, so waves of culture swept in
over its people, molding their lives as they climbed
the great ladder of progress from savagery to
civilization, rung upon rung, About 3000 to
2000 B.C., it is believed, tribes from the south
infiltrated the domains of the oyster-eaters and
brought with them a new form of survival--agri-
culture! They taught these people how to raise
their food and domesticate animals, and they
carried with them implements of stone, including
stone axes that meant life to Denmark's first _
farmers but death to her remaining forests. Life
there took on new meaning: the sound of axes rang,
trees crashed and new clearings appeared. To
this day flintstone axe blades can be found buried
in the soil all over Denmark and they say there
are not many farms in the country without a few
specimens lying around. In fact, we are told they
have been found in the tens-of-thousands, some
complete with wooden handles. Magnificent great
stone axes and daggers have been found preserved
in bogs and beside corpses in burial tombs of that
â€˜stone age'' period. Since it is sincerely believed
and most probable that the majority of present day
Danes are direct descendants of those stone age
people of Jutland and her islands, is it not also
