251 Gunnison Valley

year - whole tribes in fact, On July 24th a grand
"Juvenile Jubilee'' in the Tabernacle in Salt Lake
City where 4,000 young musicians and singers
participated to celebrate the pioneers’ entrance
into the valley some twenty-seven years before,
Work on Utah's first temple was pushed forth with
vigor in St. George, One of the most far-reaching
and important events of the year, however, was
the introduction and organization of the ''United
Order" principle which took place at the 44th
Annual Conference of the church in Salt Lake City
the forepart of April.

5, THE UNITED ORDER EXPERIMENT

In Gunnison the United Order was organized
April 3, 1874. Advice, rules and regulations
printed in circular form were sent out by the
church presidency and apostles, The Order was
reorganized in September and incorporated accord-
ing to law. About 300 persons, men, women and
children in Gunnison, mutually agreed to honestly
and diligently labor for the building up of the King-
dom of God and for the salvation of mankind,
"Their object was to create a higher standard of
living, lessen women's labor, better educate the
youth, adopt the best methods of farming agreeable
to location and circumstances, produce as econ-
omically as possible and assist and divide with
each other until all had plenty of this world's
goods,'' Committees were appointed for farming,
herding, butchering, merchandising, building,
lumbering, salt boiling, wood hauling, railroad
grading, and shoe, boot and harness making.
Provisions were made for education, music and .
singing. There was a special ways-and-means
committee and one for streets and ditches, Winter
work was threshing grain, logging, lime burning,
rock quarrying and freighting, along with other
pursuits of home industry," — .

Lars Myrup and his family joined the United
Order in Gunnison and were numbered among the
members there who consecrated their property, -
time and means for the benefit of all concerned.
Evidently Christen and Laurs Christensen and
