Elvena 654

for all. Happily none of us took the disease so we
were able to move out of there and into our new
home as soon as the quarantine was lifted.

Vena had worked at the woolen mills in Provo
for a short time several years before, when Andrew
and Sarah lived there, and stayed at their place; but
she had never really been "away to work", Tresia
had left the Christensen home to go to work in Salt
Lake City when she was sixteen and never returned
except for visits, The tales of her escapades must
have given Vena a longing to see something of the
big city, make her own money and spend it on
luxuries and be independent as it were, Tresia
always had such beautiful bonnets, shoes, dresses
and rustling silk petticoats when she came back to
visit,

It must have been soon after her parents had
returned from Europe that Vena gained their con-
sent to go to Salt Lake City to find employment,

She could live with Caroline, the wife of her brother
Chris, since Caroline was in need of adult company
at nights, Chris being away much of the time on
Bennion Livestock Company business for he was
the manager. Vena got a job at the Hotel Utah
working in the linen room and here she was em-
ployed for several years, Doubtless she had been
duly cautioned beforehand by her mother and others
to 'beware of strangers - especially males", for
Tresia says that during all the time she worked at
the hotel she never spoke to the male guests if she
could help it nor ever once touched the boxes of
candy and money they left for her as tips. She
possessed a moral integrity that could not be
questioned. Some may have called her ''old
fashioned" but she should have been envied by the
less scrupulous.

She eventually gave up her work at the Hotel
Utah and went where she was most needed among
members of her family - to be with Elsie and her
children on the ranch in Wyoming - to help Emma
bottle fruit or cook for threshers - to be with
Albert's motherless children when his wife Jennie
passed away in 1916. Fortunate is the family who
has an ''Aunt Vena'' to love and care for them in
times of need! Her numerous nieces and nephews
