<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h1 class="calibre2">FOREWORD TO THE DIGITAL EDITION</h1>

  <p class="calibre1">This book is a treasure, an ambitious undertaking of over a thousand pages by Else K. and Laurs M. C. Christensen’s granddaughter Virginia Christensen Keeler. It is all the more remarkable given that materials that form its foundation (Else K.’s journals, letters from her Danish siblings, the account of her midwife training and log of babies delivered—all stored in her old medical bag) were very nearly discarded in 1958 (see <a href="index_split_002.html#preface">the Preface</a>). Then too, Virginia undertook the project late in her life while suffering from ill health (see <a href="index_split_057.html#virginia-christensen">her own account</a> among the biographical sketches of the sixty-seven grandchildren). She died, age 69, less than a year after completing the book.</p>

  <p class="calibre1">Over the years leading up to this project, Virginia did significant genealogical and temple work for her Danish ancestors. Her brother Everett Hale died in 1929 just before his twenty-second birthday, and Virginia, then 27, stayed the night before his funeral in Manti in the old family home with her step-grandmother Sorena, Laurs’s widow. Their conversation turned to family history, and Virginia came away with the original temple record books of Laurs and Else—<a href="index_split_076.html#spirit-of-elijah">“And thus, with Hale’s death, there was born in me the Spirit of Elijah.”</a> She later made family group sheets based upon these record books and extended and documented these through correspondence with parish priests in Denmark—all before the Church had completed the microfilming of Danish records.</p>

  <p class="calibre1">Virginia knew no Danish and never visited Denmark, yet one gets a vivid sense of immediacy as she writes of the family’s experiences in Denmark and life in Utah. She had a literary imagination. The book is not without occasional flaws, some of which have been corrected in new endnotes, but it is a remarkable achievement—<i>the</i> seminal work in Christensen family history. And it has long been little known and unavailable to most of the Christensen family. The Family History Library did a scan of it some years ago, but the long PDF has been cumbersome to navigate. This welcome searchable digital edition overcomes these problems. I am grateful that our son Andrew envisioned the project and has seen it through. It has breathed new life into this family treasure.</p>

  <p class="calibre1">George S. Tate, May 2024</p>
</body>
</html>