<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <link href="page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h1 class="calibre2">ABOUT THE DIGITAL EDITION</h1>

  <p class="calibre1">This edition of <i>Some Christensens Who Came from Thy</i> is provided by several of the descendants of Else K. and Laurs M. C. (and some associated by marriage).</p>

  <p class="calibre1">Andrew (Drew) Tate led the project and provided the technical expertise for building an ebook.</p>

  <p class="calibre1">Chris Stevenson of Stevenson’s Genealogy and Copy Center, original publisher of the book, was kind enough to provide a high-quality scan of its pages which was converted to textual data via OCR (using FFmpeg and Tesseract).</p>

  <p class="calibre1">George and Karen Tate, Rosalie Bednarik, JoAnn Medina, and Sue and John Laing edited the manuscript post-OCR.</p>

  <p class="calibre1">Both Calibre and Sigil were used to create and edit the resulting EPUB.</p>

  <p class="calibre1">George Tate, who is in possession of several of the original letters Else K. received from her siblings, provided several corrections to the Danish translations as well as other corrections and greater context via a set of endnotes.</p>

  <p class="calibre1">The spelling of Danish place names and other words using special characters, as well as occasional typos, have been silently corrected.</p>

  <p class="calibre1">The index was excluded from this edition since it is fully searchable.</p>

  <p class="calibre1">Issues with the ebook should be reported to Drew at drewctate@gmail.com.</p>
</body>
</html>